Add gitmoji-intellij-plugin in related tools (#490)
carloscuesta/gitmoji: README.md

- [`gitmoji-changelog`](https://github.com/frinyvonnick/gitmoji-changelog/): A changelog generator for gitmoji.
- [`gitmemoji`](https://github.com/lalalilo/gitmemoji/): A game to learn gitmojis.
- [`gitmoji-browser-extension`](https://github.com/johannchopin/gitmoji-browser-extension): The Gitmoji extension to easily search and copy gitmojis 😜

> - [`gitmoji-intellij-plugin`](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/12383-gitmoji): A Jetbrains IntelliJ plugin for easily add gitmoji when commit in the IDE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`gitmoji-intellij-plugin`](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/12383-gitmoji): A Jetbrains IntelliJ plugin to easily add gitmoji when committing in the IDE
```

> - [`gitmoji-intellij-plugin`](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/12383-gitmoji): A Jetbrains IntelliJ plugin to easily add gitmoji when committing in the IDE

Author: ```suggestion
- [`gitmoji-intellij-plugin`](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/12383-gitmoji): A Jetbrains IntelliJ (and others Jetbrains IDEs) plugin to easily add gitmoji when committing in the IDE
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [`gitmoji-intellij-plugin`](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/12383-gitmoji): A Jetbrains IDE plugin to easily add gitmoji when committing in the IDE
```
```suggestion
- [`gitmoji-intellij-plugin`](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/12383-gitmoji): A Jetbrains suite plugin to easily add gitmoji when committing in the IDE
```

Reviewer 3: I'm absolutely okay with that :)
